docs: document edge management console (#2186)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/edge-management-console/host-management/theming.md

Reviewer: Lenny, is the sidebar one word? It feels like it's one word in this context 🤔

bar as well as using your own logo. You can do this before deployment during the EdgeForge process to standardize the
look feel of the console for all Edge hosts of your organization.

:::preview

:::

## Prerequisites

> - The theme customization process prior to deployment is based on the EdgeForge process. We recommend that you

Reviewer: Let's a link to the proper EdgeForge page since we are recommending it.

4. In the directory, create a file named **customizations.json**.

> 5. Upload a logo you'd like to use for EMC. The logo image must be a JPG, PMG or SVG image that's smaller than 2 MB. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Upload a logo you'd like to use for EMC. The logo image must be a JPG, PNG, or SVG image smaller than 2 MB. If
```
I think you mean PNG right?
